feat: start apple pay doc and new sidebar (#346)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/guides/apple-pay/setup.mdx

import CreatePaymentProcessingCertificate from "@site/static/img/guides/apple-pay/create-payment-processing-certificate.png";
import CreateMerchantIdentityCertificate from "@site/static/img/guides/apple-pay/create-merchant-identity-certificate.png";

# Apple Pay Setup

Before you can accept Apple Pay in your e-commerce or platform, you have to complete Apple's Merchant setup. While the detailed steps can be found in [Apple Pay official documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/applepaywebmerchantregistrationapi/registering_with_apple_pay_and_applying_to_use_the_api), we will cover them in a hands-on approach to streamline the integration process.

## Apple Developer Program Enrollment

An active subscription to [Apple Developer Program](https://developer.apple.com/programs/) is a requirement to accept Apple Pay in your application.

Usually, the steps are straightforward and self-explanatory. You just have visit [this link](https://developer.apple.com/programs/enroll/) and follow the instructions in the page.

However, some users may face this error and get stuck in a loop:

<img src={EnrollmentError} />

> There can be many reasons for such. If Apple portal doesn't give further details, your best option is to [contact support](https://developer.apple.com/contact/) and report the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There can be many reasons for this. If Apple's portal doesn't give further details, your best option is to [contact support](https://developer.apple.com/contact/) and report the issue.
```

> Support staff may ask for additional verification, such as sending personal documents through Apple's portal to verify identify and unblock the process. This sort of request can happen via e-mail, even after completing the purchase, in order to complete enrollment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support staff may ask for additional verification, such as sending personal documents through Apple's portal to verify your identity and unblock the process. To complete enrollment, this sort of request can happen via e-mail, even after completing the purchase.
```

## Create a Merchant ID

After the enrollment is complete, developers can create Merchant IDs in [Apple's portal](https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/identifiers/add/merchant).
Requirements are minimal:

<img src={CreateMerchantId} />

The identifier **can't** be changed later.

Existing Merchant IDs can be found [here](https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/identifiers/list/merchant).

## Create a Payment Processing Certificate

Find your Merchant ID in the [Merchant List](https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/identifiers/list/merchant) and navigate to its detail page.

In the **Apple Pay Payment Processing Certificate** section, click _Create Certificate_ to be directed to the Certificate Signing Request (CSR) upload page.

<img src={CreatePaymentProcessingCertificate} />

> To create a new CSR we will use [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new CSR we will use the [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/) cli:
```

<Tabs className="bt-tabs" queryString="encryption">
  <TabItem value="ec" label="Elliptic Curve">

```bash
# First create a new private key
openssl ecparam -out apple_pay_private.key -name prime256v1 -genkey

# Then, source the private key to create a new CSR:
openssl req -new -sha256 -key apple_pay_private.key -nodes -out apple_pay.csr -subj "/CN=EnchantedWidgets, Inc./O=EnchantedWidgets, Inc./OU=Product Development/CN=John Doe/UID=johndoe/EMAIL=johndoe@example.com/STREET=123 Fantasy Lane/L=Fairyville/ST=Fairyland/C=FL/POSTALCODE=12345/DC=fantasy/DC=local"
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="rsa" label="RSA (China only)">

```bash
openssl req -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout apple_pay_private.key -out apple_pay.csr -nodes -subj "/CN=EnchantedWidgets, Inc./O=EnchantedWidgets, Inc./OU=Product Development/CN=John Doe/UID=johndoe/EMAIL=johndoe@example.com/STREET=123 Fantasy Lane/L=Fairyville/ST=Fairyland/C=FL/POSTALCODE=12345/DC=fantasy/DC=local"
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Upload the `apple_pay.csr` file in Apple portal to create a new Certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload the `apple_pay.csr` file to create a new Certificate in Apple's portal.
```

Download the `apple_pay.cer` file and convert it to PEM format, for later usage:

```bash
openssl x509 -inform der -in apple_pay.cer -out apple_pay.pem
```

> <Alert type={Alerts.WARNING}>These files are sensitive and should be stored somewhere safe.</Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert type={Alerts.WARNING}>These files are sensitive and need to be stored somewhere safe.</Alert>
```

## Create a Merchant Identity Certificate

Find your Merchant ID in the [Merchant List](https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/identifiers/list/merchant) and navigate to its detail page.

In the **Apple Pay Merchant Identity Certificate** section, click _Create Certificate_ to be directed to the Certificate Signing Request (CSR) upload page.

<img src={CreateMerchantIdentityCertificate}/>

> To create a new CSR we will use [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new CSR we will use the [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/) cli:
```

First we must create a new private key:

```bash
openssl genrsa -out merchant_id_private.key 2048
```

Then, source the private key to create a new CSR:

```bash
openssl req -new -key merchant_id_private.key -out merchant_id.csr -subj "/CN=EnchantedWidgets, Inc./O=EnchantedWidgets, Inc./OU=Product Development/CN=John Doe/UID=johndoe/EMAIL=johndoe@example.com/STREET=123 Fantasy Lane/L=Fairyville/ST=Fairyland/C=FL/POSTALCODE=12345/DC=fantasy/DC=local"
```

> Upload the `merchant_id.csr` file in Apple portal to create a new Certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload the `merchant_id.csr` file to create a new Certificate in Apple's portal.
```

Download the `merchant_id.cer` file and convert it to PEM format, for later usage:

```bash
openssl x509 -inform der -in merchant_id.cer -out merchant_id.pem
```

> <Alert type={Alerts.WARNING}>These files are sensitive and should be stored somewhere safe.</Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert type={Alerts.WARNING}>These files are sensitive and need to be stored somewhere safe.</Alert>
```

## Verify a Domain (Web-only)

Find your Merchant ID in the [Merchant List](https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/identifiers/list/merchant) and navigate to its detail page.

In the **Merchant Domains** section, click _Add Domain_.

Enter your domain and click save.

> In the next page, download the verification file and upload it to the address shown in the screen. Click _Verify_ when the file is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the next page, download the verification file and upload it to the address shown in the screen. Click _Verify_ when the file is available.
```
